Add vcfa_certificate resource and data source (#23)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcfa: website/docs/r/certificate_library.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcfa"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Foundation Automation: vcfa_certificate_library"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcfa-resource-certificate-library"
description: |-
  Provides a certificate in System or Org library resource.
---

# vcfa\_certificate\_library

Provides a resource to manage certificate in System or Org library.

~> Only `System Administrator` can create this resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "vcfa_org" "org1" {
  name = "myOrg"
}

resource "vcfa_certificate_library" "new-certificate" {
  org_id                 = data.vcfa_org.org1.id
  alias                  = "SAML certificate"

>   description            = "my description"

Reviewer: :)

```suggestion
  description            = "Created by Terraform VCFA Provider"
```

Author: Fixed

  certificate            = file("/home/user/cert.pem")
  private_key            = file("/home/user/key.pem")
  private_key_passphrase = "passphrase"
}
```

Creating certificate in System (Provider) context:

```hcl
data "vcfa_org" "system" {
  name = "System"
}

resource "vcfa_certificate_library" "new-certificate-for-system" {
  org_id                 = data.vcfa_org.system.id
  alias                  = "provider certificate"

>   description            = "my description"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description            = "Created by Terraform VCFA Provider"
```

Author: Fixed

  certificate            = file("/home/user/provider-cert.pem")
  private_key            = file("/home/user/provider-key.pem")
  private_key_passphrase = "passphrase"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `org_id` - (Required) - ID of the Organization that owns the certificate
* `alias` - (Required) - Alias (name) of certificate

> * `description` - (Optional)  - Certificate description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `description` - (Optional) - Certificate description
```

Author: Fixed, removed also extra hyphens

> * `certificate` - (Required)  - Content of Certificate. **Note.** it is best to avoid trailing
>   newlines in the certificate, as VCFA could trim trailing newline and `plan/apply` operations might always report it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `certificate` - (Required) - Content of Certificate. **Note.** Do not use trailing
  newlines in the certificate, as VCFA trims them and `plan/apply` reports a difference in such case.
```

Author: Fixed

> * `private_key` - (Optional)  - Content of private key
> * `private_key_passphrase` - (Optional)  - private key pass phrase 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `private_key` - (Optional) - Content of private key
* `private_key_passphrase` - (Optional) - private key pass phrase 
```

Author: Fixed, removed also extra hyphens
